VOICEOVER: Previously on Harrow...
Fern, I'm sorry.
I have to stay.
Screw you, Dad.
Can I please see you?
Make sure you're OK?
I'm OK.
You abused my little girl.
She knew what she wanted.
I'm so sorry.
He said he'd hurt Mum.
I wanted to tell you,
whatever you choose, I'll be here.
So Fern let you win?
Don't let her down, because if you
do I will put you on a slab myself.
Jack, were you ever tempted?
To falsify evidence?
(GUNSHOT)
Francis Chester.
He was the man who shot me.
MAN: I will take away
everything that you hold dear.
Dr Daniel Harrow is to be struck
immediately from the register.
It's my fault all this
happened to you.
Max, you can't leave.
I can't stay.
Where's Fern?
We have to find her.
(MAN ROARS)
Get off him!
I've done what you want to do,
and it's always there.
I don't want that for you.
Is it over?
Yes, it's over.
You do understand I'm on leave
at the moment?
This young man was found dead
about an hour ago.
What's it got to do with me?
Found his passport in his pocket.
Your name is down as
his emergency contact.
And there was a note.
He claimed he was your son.
(SIGHS)
And the note?
Ah, fingerprint team's
almost done with it.
I'll let you have a look at it
before we send it to Scientific.
Do you know what he
was doing up there?
Not yet.
Do you know how he fell?
No.
Was he alone?
Well, we don't know.
You're like the anti-encyclopedia.
And that?
Well, apparently it wasn't
recording in the hour or so
that he arrived and fell.
Switched off. You don't think
THAT'S a coincidence?
We're looking into it, mate.
There was a car outside.
It was towed before
the body was found.
Reported stolen.
It's at the compound.
We're checking for prints.
(SIGHS)
Were you aware that you had a son?
It's complicated.
WOMAN: Senior Sergeant?
Ta.
OK, look, I'll need this back
once you're finished with it.
And, you know, I'll have
a few more questions.
What does it say?
"Dad.
"I wanted to see you so much
but I couldn't find a way.
"I found you had your own family
and your own life,
"so I think it's better if
I don't complicate things.
"I'd love to have known you.
"Signed, J."
Straight on.
Height and weight, then into CT.
Ah, Daniel, you know
you can't be doing this.
Well, you can't,
you're still being supervised.
I can if I'm supervised,
but not by you.
Why, because I'm on leave?
Because you're next of kin.
Well, I'm here and we don't
have a manager to say otherwise.
Fairley's having a day off.
Harrow...what are you doing?
Measuring a deceased
in preparation for a post-mortem.
This is not right.
THIS is not right.
Did you spray those on?
I came straight from rehearsals
when I heard.
Harrow, if this is your son,
you cannot be involved in the PM.
We don't know if he is or not.
The PM is to establish
facts objectively.
And I'm not capable
of being objective?
Not in a situation like this.
And how would you know?
Do you have children?
Right, I think you should go now.
Dr Harrow?
I'm not leaving him.
You have to and you know it.
I'm not going.
Harrow.
The Deputy Coroner is here for you.
I've been briefed.
I'm very sorry.
And you understand why Doctors
Fairley and Molyneaux
will conduct the PM?
Yeah.
And I know you're not going
sailing the Coral Sea
while this is unfolding, so you can
consider your suspension lifted,
on the strict condition
you give no interference
to Lyle and Grace.
I am to be fed twice a day
and you need to change my litter.
Yeah, not really into cats.
Hey, come on,
at least you can still work.
Yeah.
Ah, but before you do...
..um...
..can you help me get in touch
with your son's mother?
We met in London,
when I was in my
last year of post-grad.
Right, so she was a student, too?
No, she worked part-time
in a Tesco,
around the corner from
the teaching hospital.
(SIGHS) Tanya.
I don't know what she
saw in me, either.
I was a doctor, she ran a checkout.
I drank coffee and
studied till midnight
and she drank ouzo
and painted till dawn.
She had tattoos, and I hated
needles, but we worked.
You know, we really worked.
Until I graduated and got offered
a job back here under Jack Twine.
And Tanya came with you?
Yeah.
She tried to find work
while I tried to prove myself
working 15-, 16-hour days
six, seven days a week.
She had no family, no friends
and most of the time...no me.
Then about three months in...
..she told me two things.
She was pregnant and
that she was going home.
Alone.
I tried ringing, I tried writing.
I even tried sending money.
I didn't even know if Tanya
had a boy or a girl,
or if she'd had it at all.
(SIGHS) I even went over
to try and find her.
Well, what about her family?
Ah, she wasn't close.
When I did talk to them,
they told me that I should just
go back and live my own life.
And I'm ashamed to say that I did.
I met Steph,
got married, we had Fern.
But I never found the way,
I never found the courage
to tell them that I might have
another child somewhere.
You should have.
Look, is it OK if I borrow these
just for the addresses?
Yeah, of course.
Go, mate, go.
Fern...I don't know how much
you heard...
Plenty for one night.
Listen...
I can't, Dad.
I would have at any
time up until now.
Look, I know it's no way
to find out.
No, it's not.
Every time I think that we're good,
that all the secrets are out,
you just magic up another one.
A half-brother now?
Oh, Fern.
Just tell me.
Where is he now?
In the morgue.
Fern.
Vente, half full-cream,
half non-fat, split quad shots,
two decaf, two regular,
no foam latte with whipped cream,
coconut sugar and a touch
of vanilla essence.
You forgot the nutmeg.
They were out of nutmeg.
And a green tea.
Oh, well, I can make
green tea in the kitchen.
Yeah.
PM done?
I'm going to apologise to
the rest of the cast
of Yoshitsune Senbon Zakura.
Grace might take you through
what we found.
(DOOR CLOSES)
Acute subdural haematoma?
And intrusion into the central
sulcus by skull fragments.
Also a total break
between his C3, C4 vertebra.
He would have died quickly.
Probably.
Hopefully.
Is there anything to
explain why he fell?
A fight? Drugs? Anything?
No signs of struggle.
We're waiting on his tox reports.
What kind of a father
meets his son like this?
Did you even know he was here?
I didn't even know what
his voice sounded like.
Rattus norvegicus domestica.
Somewhat outside my usual duties,
seeing it is both
an animal and alive.
So, something smelled a rat?
Jogger's dog.
So early morning jogger,
Fido goes nuts,
chases after the rat.
Jogger chases after Fido
and finds him.
Peter Craig Morrow.
Was he sleeping rough?
Long-term homeless.
His usual haunt was about
half a click that way.
And apparently the rat was his pet.
Yeah, we found a fixed blade
knife close by.
We're printing and testing it.
Wasn't stabbed here.
Joggers have tracked the blood
in both directions.
Any witnesses?
No.
We're checking council
security cameras,
but the nearest one is on the other
side of that park over there.
Was it a robbery?
Still had his wallet with $12 in it.
I doubt he had any more
worth taking.
Does Morrow have any friends?
Anyone who might know
what happened to him?
Well, the homeless community
isn't really saying much
'cause we're not in their good books
at the moment.
There's been a number of assaults
on rough sleepers lately,
and apparently
we're not doing enough.
Alright.
I'll, uh...I'll see
what I can find out.
OK.
What about his rat?
Oh, we'll take it to the nearest
vet, have it destroyed.
WOMAN: Why me?
Why not?
Because I hate rats.
You might not have a job
without rats.
They make excellent models
for medical research.
Almost every human gene
associated with diseases
has a counterpart
in the rat genome.
I usually just poison
the rat genome.
How did you get through
nursing school?
Blackmail.
Fine, I'll keep it in my office.
Well, it should have
plenty of company there.
This is the homeless guy?
His name was Peter Morrow.
Why?
His daughter's on the way in.
Oh, Dad.
That's Peter Craig Morrow?
Yes. Can I go in and see him?
Not yet.
We are still to conduct
our examination,
but after that you can take as
much time with him as you need.
Where's Maestro?
What?
Dad's pet rat Maestro.
They were inseparable.
Maestro, right. He's in my office.
Would you like him?
I just wanted to make
sure it was OK.
Emily, did you have much
to do with your father?
I tried to see him
every fortnight or so.
Do you know who did this?
We're looking into it.
How would you describe
your father's personality?
Dad was the loveliest man.
Gentle, sweet.
Everyone liked Dad and Maestro.
Of course the police always
tried to shift him on.
But he kept going back.
He was found a long way
from him usual corner.
Do you have any idea why?
I have no idea why Dad did
any of the things that he did.
I tried to get him to
move in with me, but...
..but I thought he was OK, until...
What?
About a year ago,
Dad kind of...changed.
Changed how?
Did he become aggressive? Violent?
No. Dad was still really nice to me,
but he would say,
"You're sweet,
but where's the real Emily?"
He thought I was an impostor.
And it wasn't just me.
It was his friends, too, like Di.
Di?
Di and Dad were good mates,
but even she wasn't
the real Di, apparently.
Do you know any more about Di?
Where we could find her?
Emily, why was your father homeless?
I don't know.
He wasn't a drunk or ill.
Don't get me wrong, he didn't
like being on the streets.
But he just disliked
being indoors more.
Meant he couldn't keep a job,
or a family.
And now someone's killed him.
I...I should have been there.
I should have tried harder.
Emily...we WILL find who did this.
(LIFT BELL DINGS)
It is not your place
to promise to find a killer.
No, it's yours.
And I didn't promise
because we might not.
We've got no witnesses,
no suspects, no motive.
You have the weapon.
Yeah, and the only prints
on it are the victim's.
WOMAN: He didn't stab himself.
No. No, he didn't.
But I don't think he provoked it,
either.
Hi.
I have not done a death like this
before, so do you think I can...
Of course.
Are you OK?
Absolutely.
Have you heard about the rat?
It would fit right in in his office.
That's what I said.
Here are his hospital records.
He didn't like being indoors.
Claustrophobic?
Apparently.
What's that got to do
with the cause of death?
Maybe nothing. Ready?
His teeth are surprisingly good.
He had a toothbrush, comb, soap.
He tried to look after himself.
But look at this.
Abrasions.
They go distinctly side to side.
As if he was trying to turn his head
but was held down by someone.
Someone heavy or strong.
This is quite recent.
Yes, it wasn't from this attack.
It's healed.
Healed badly. No stitch marks.
Less than 12 months old.
There's no mention
in his hospital records.
Is the CT ready?
(BEEPING)
Lesions on the cerebral cortex,
directly beneath
that external scarring.
His daughter said he had a
personality change about a year ago.
Began accusing her and others
of being impostors.
You know there are reports
that Capgras syndrome is
caused by brain injury.
And what exactly has this got to do
with cause of death?
Again, maybe nothing.
Is the scan of that knife uploaded?
Yes.
Narrow point, thick spine,
tapering off to
a hollow ground edge.
Let's see.
Well, that's consistent
with the blade width.
And depth.
But he went in to the hilt.
That took force.
But look at the angles
of these blade entries.
All consistent in this almost
east-west alignment,
as if the attacker was at his side,
gripping the knife...like this.
There's a large contusion here
on the back of his left leg.
Hmm, same on his left elbow
and forearm.
Well, like you said,
someone held him down,
pinned his arm and his leg.
While the attacker drove the knife
into him again and again.
Vicious.
Angry.
Like wounds you'd inflict on
someone you desperately hated.
But he was a sweet man
whom everyone loved.
So why was he stabbed seven times,
so far from the corner
he called home?
Eight times.
Hmm, this one's not deep.
But it would have bled a bit.
And, look, it's straight up and down.
So the blade was held like this?
Suggesting that both the victim
and the stabber were on their feet.
The wound to the chest is consistent
with the same knife.
But a shallow penetration
into soft tissue.
I don't get it.
A light jab to the chest.
Vicious wounds to the hilt
in the back.
It's almost like...
Two different people.
They cleaned it up.
So this is where it happened.
So held down here
and brutally murdered.
What are you doing?
Aha.
We know that Morrow could only crawl
after the stab wounds
to his back, right?
Mm-hm.
So these droplets are...
Are from before he was pinned down.
So the small wound to his chest.
Mm-hm.
Oh.
Here's where it ends?
Or, really, where it began.
So, around here, Mr Morrow
gets a shallow stab.
Bleeding, he heads that way,
where he's held down
by someone strong.
And stabbed viciously.
It does sound like
two different attackers.
We should swab that blood.
Excuse me?
Excuse me, hello?
Mind my stuff.
Excuse me.
I'm not talking to you again.
You guys have already given me
the third degree.
Look, I'm not the police.
I'm with the Coroner.
I saw you at the crime scene.
You knew Peter Morrow.
I know he's dead, that's all I know.
He was murdered.
I didn't do it!
OK, OK, OK, OK.
But I want to find who did.
Some people who sleep rough
carry something to
protect themselves.
Did Mr Morrow carry a knife?
Wood handle, brass pommel?
Yeah, it seems it did him
more harm than good.
He was a long way
from his normal corner.
Any idea why?
Nuh.
He'd been acting a bit odd
for a while, though.
Like thinking his friends
were impostors?
You and Di?
This is Di, right?
Yeah.
She hasn't spoken to the police,
though.
Did she know Morrow
carried a knife, too?
Di didn't kill Pete.
Then why won't she talk
to the police?
Look, Morrow had two kinds
of stab wounds, one here...
Listen, I don't know
what she did or didn't do,
but what you guy have to start doing
instead of accusing us,
is to start helping us.
We're not the problem.
So please just leave
Di alone, alright?
Alright?
What the hell were you doing?
You shouldn't be talking
to potential witnesses.
But he said he'd already
been questioned.
Well, did he mention anyone else?
We discussed Morrow's friend Di.
Why?
This is from the other side
of the park,
about 200 metres from where
Mr Morrow was stabbed.
Di Baverstock.
Friend of Peter Morrow's.
Seen hurrying from the path
where Mr Morrow was stabbed.
But stabbed two different ways.
What if she was only responsible
for that light jab?
Look at her. Tell me she doesn't
look scared and guilty.
But why would she viciously
murder her friend?
Lovers' quarrel.
You heard his daughter.
He hadn't been close to anyone
since he acquired that brain injury.
Well, there you go. If he wasn't
himself, who knows what he did?
But I just don't see...
No, no, no.
Harrow, we have Ms Baverstock at
the right time at the right place.
She knew the victim.
She knew he had a knife.
OK? I've issued a POI.
Have you heard anything
from the UK about Tanya?
Oh, there's a lot of
addresses to check.
You know, it's been
more than 20 years.
She may have married, remarried,
changed her surname.
It's going to take a bit of time.
And the car you found
at the shipyard, was it his?
Ah, it belonged to a stockbroking
firm in the city.
It was a company vehicle,
so, you know, lots of prints.
But among them were
some matching your son's.
You think he stole it?
Well, we don't know yet.
Look, Harrow, I know you want
answers and we'll find them.
But just leave things
with us for now.
(SIGHS) What were you doing?
(RINGING TONE)
(BEEP!)
FAWN: It's me. Leave a message.
No promises.
(BEEP!)
(CALL DISCONNECTS)
(ENGINE STOPS)
You don't check your
voicemail, do you?
It's a pain. Why?
Steph's in Toowoomba.
Job interview.
What, she's thinking of moving?
I think it's past thinking.
And Fern?
Trying out for a new cleaning firm.
I don't think she's happy with you.
Yeah, well, it's a long story.
You had a boy.
I'm sorry.
I'm not going to ask if you're OK,
because you can't be.
How do you know what it's like?
Well...
I had a boy, too.
Yeah, I was 17.
My girlfriend was 16,
and he...he...
..he made it to 15 weeks.
Then there was no heartbeat.
It broke us.
We were angry at the world,
heartbroken at the world.
But we just sent it at each other.
And I'm so ashamed.
I should have been there for her.
But I was 17.
How old were you?
23.
I can't go back,
but I can be here now.
For the one in my life now.
For Fern.
Ask Fern to call me.
I'll ask.
But a dead brother?
That's a lot to talk about.
(RAT SNEEZES)
Are you missing your owner?
Are you thinking he's coming back?
I'm sorry, he's not.
He's gone.
(SIGHS) But at least
you got to spend time.
(RAT SNEEZES)
Why aren't you eating?
How bad is ratbite fever?
For the rat or the one bitten?
Let's go with column B.
Well, fever, rash, vomiting
and, if untreated,
could progress to brain infection
and heart failure.
But we'll check Maestro after...
..we check this.
Oh, Peter Morrow
was covered in blood.
That's probably his.
Maybe.
There's only one way to find out.
Now, Mr Morrow was...
B negative.
And the blood on the rat?
O positive.
Someone else's blood?
Mm.
You think the rat bit his attacker?
I know.
But if it did, and it does
have ratbite fever,
that person might be
feeling very ill.
Di Baverstock.
So, middle-aged woman
with flu-like symptoms.
Mm. Headache, nausea, joint pain.
Can you narrow it down?
She'd also have an animal wound.
Dog? Cat?
Rat.
No middle-aged women.
Mm. Thanks, Jean.
But last night a 16-year-old boy
presented with flu symptoms,
with a male friend who revealed
he'd been bitten by something.
Was he treated?
For some reason they left
before treatment.
Did they get his details?
MAN: (SHOUTS) Hey, sit down
and eat your breakfast!
Sit down! What are YOU doing?
Get yourself ready.
You little shit!
Sit down now or I'll give
you something to cry about!
And where do you think
you're going?!
(DOOR SLAMS)
If you're selling something,
now's not a great time.
Ah, no, I'm not. I...
What's up?
Yes, my name's Dr Daniel Harrow.
Is your boy Jordy home?
Her boy. Why?
Does he have stomach pains?
Muscle aches? A fever?
Hey, mate.
What have you been up to, hey?
Nothing.
Well, this is Doctor...
Harrow.
I won't be a minute.
Yeah, well we gotta bounce
in a minute, so...
Did, um...Mum call you?
No.
I'm a doctor of pathology.
I deal with dead people.
(SIGHS)
What do you want?
That rat bite is infected.
You need to go back to hospital.
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Don't.
I know what you did, Jordy.
The man you killed was named
Peter Morrow.
He was bleeding, wasn't he,
when you came across him?
From here.
Were you alone, or
were you with your friend
who took you to hospital?
(SIGHS)
So...
..you saw a bleeding homeless man.
You could have left him alone.
You could have offered to help
but you'd had a shit day.
This?
So you hassled him.
You old useless prick.
Stay away.
Maybe he waved his knife at you,
but that was the one thing that
Mr Morrow shouldn't have done.
Provoked you.
And you lost it.
You pinned him down.
You grabbed his knife
and you stabbed him.
What I didn't understand was why.
But now I think I do.
Your stepfather.
He hits you.
Humiliates you, hurts your mother
and you can't fight back.
And so your anger just
builds and builds
until this homeless old man waves
his knife at you and you snap.
And you stab and you stab
again and again,
until you see what you've done.
And then his rat.
Did it come at you?
It was...it was just there.
And it bit you.
One of you wiped the fingerprints
off the knife and you ran away.
He shouldn't have waved that knife.
No.
You should have helped him.
But instead you killed him.
I've called the police.
They're on their way.
I wanted to give you a chance
to explain things to your family
before you're arrested.
NICHOLS: A random stabbing.
It wasn't random.
It was inevitable.
He's the one Jordy wanted to hurt.
But it's an unfortunate human trait
that at our worst moments,
we usually punch down.
I guess that means your
homeless woman's off the hook.
Only she doesn't know it yet.
Di, it's me. Hey.
Pete started going funny
about a year ago.
It was after he got hit
by some drunk idiots.
We found brain damage that
would explain those changes.
Well, he got worse,
until the only thing
he trusted was Maestro.
And then...and then
a few nights ago,
I heard Pete shouting that someone
had switched out Maestro.
He had his knife.
He was gonna kill it.
So I...I grabbed the knife
and Maestro and ran.
Pete caught up
and he started grabbing at me.
Like, I had the knife.
I warned him to get away,
but he kept coming at me,
and I got him.
So I ran and I hid,
and then Neil told me that...
..that Peter had died.
And I thought, "Oh, I've...
I've killed him."
He looks good.
This didn't have to happen.
Why didn't he just move in with me?
Did your father ever talk
about when he was a boy?
I spoke to his friend Di.
Your father didn't tell many people,
but he'd had a terrible childhood.
He was locked in his bedroom
every night,
waiting for his stepfather
to finish with his mother
before coming in for him.
I think that's why he couldn't stand
being in a room, any room, for long.
Why didn't he tell me?
Apparently, he was ashamed.
Embarrassed that he
couldn't get over it.
That he let you down.
Oh...Dad.
Someone has to take care of it
while it's on its medicine.
I'm just surprised
that someone is you.
(LAUGHS)
Did you know that rats regulate
their body heat through their tails?
And they have...
Of course you did.
And they have bellybuttons
and they can laugh,
and their teeth...
Don't push it.
(SPOON SCRAPES)
Hi.
That's...my coffee mug.
It's a nice one.
Mm. Might you use another mug?
I would, but they're all
in the dishwasher,
which hasn't been put on.
I did check the kitchen roster
to see who should have done that.
Dr Harrow?
What the hell is going on?
Harrow, what in the name of...
Oh, hello.
Hi.
What are you doing to my office?
My bonsai. Is this your doing?
No, but I wish it was.
Well, if you didn't...
Uncle Lyle, have you...
Oh, you found him.
Not me, this time.
Oh.
Ah, good. You're all here.
As you all know, the department
has been vetting
a number of high-level candidates
to replace Maxine Pavich.
I'm pleased to announce
one has been selected.
Oh, here we go.
Although not a pathologist...
Not a pathologist.
What a disaster.
Fairley.
..improving a number of
health organisations.
So now we'll be wasting
valuable work time
accounting for every paper towel.
Fairley.
Now to be more involved,
she's elected to centralise herself
out of Dr Fairley's old office.
Didn't even ask me.
Just marched straight
into the Sudetenland...
Fairley.
What?
So it gives me great pleasure
to introduce
QIFM's new manager
Renae Warrington.
Excuse me, Dr Fairley.
Dr Harrow, do you mind holding
that for me, please?
Thank you, Doug.
Hi, everyone.
I am so excited to be here,
and I look forward to hearing
about all the amazing work you do.
But first, let me apologise
to Dr Fairley
for taking over his office
without warning.
I hope it's OK that you now get
Maxine's old office
and a small budget to refurbish it.
My apologies to Dr Fairley
extend to one other thing.
I need you to take on more duties.
Supervisory duties.
Of Doctor Molyneux?
No.
We think Dr Molyneux can be released
from her probationary period.
You'll be supervising Dr Harrow.
Fairley? Supervising me?
I've been here just as long as him.
23 years.
Exactly.
Which means you're eligible
for early retirement.
What are you saying?
I'm saying Dr Fairley will
supervise your actions,
and based on his report,
I will decide whether or not
you'll be given that
retirement package.
You mean fired.
Retired is a nicer word.
I know Maxine Pavich extended
you a lot of latitude.
That ends now.
If you want to stay working here,
you need to understand that
I will tolerate no more secrets.
Hey.
Hi.
I'm sorry for being a jerk.
Which time?
For the 'no children' thing.
Oh, that's OK.
This must be the worst thing
in the world.
What's that?
Ah, his tox results.
No drugs, no alcohol.
Nothing to explain why he fell?
Well, only that note you read.
Read like a suicide note.
I'm not sure it's healthy
for you being in here.
Where else should I go?
Everything always comes back to here.
All the good things in my life.
The bad.
This is where my father came.
Where I met my mentor whose
name was Jack, like his.
Can't escape this place.
Why don't you come
to my place tonight?
Just friends. I'll cook.
Don't be alone.
I think I'm better off alone.
(PHONE RINGS)
Can anyone get that?
Hello?!
(RINGING CONTINUES)
Queensland Institute
of Forensic Medicine.
Hi, this is Mike from
Brisbane Medical Laboratories.
I'm calling for Dr Fairley.
Oh, he's not here.
Can I take a message?
It's for a DNA ID he ordered.
M4-1418?
An unidentified body
from a shipyard.
Yes, could you, uh, email
that to him, please,
and I'll ask him to log on.
Absolutely. Thanks for your help.
Bless you, Fairley.
(ALARM CHIRPS)
Dr Harrow.
Have the DNA results come in?
Who are you?
I'm James.
I'm your son.
So...
..the DNA results?
Just back.
Then you have to keep them secret.
For as long as you can.
Why?
(HORN HONKS)
Because there are people
that are after me.
If they find out that
I'm alive, they'll...
(SIREN WAILS)
No, wait. James!
James!
VOICEOVER: Next on Harrow...
If what he's telling me is true,
then I have to help him.
What makes you so sure this guy is
your son? He could be anyone.
Hi, Dad.
You're here to find cuts
and my guess is
someone's going to lose their job.
We need to talk to you
about an email.
What is this place anyway?
Looks like a haunted house.
Now, why would anyone drink blood?
Do you believe in vampires?
I'm a man of faith.
Whoever did this genuinely believed
they were killing a vampire.
Captions by Red Bee Media
Copyright Australian
Broadcasting Corporation